---
author: "@reinosk"
title: cehv12m1-v0.0.2
date: 2024-03-22T22:06:54.366Z
description: Attackers break into systems for various reasons and purposes. Therefore, it's important to understand how malicious hackers attack and exploit systems and probable reasons behind these attacks.
summary: Attackers break into systems for various reasons and purposes.
series: ["Hacking"]
tags: ["CEH v12"]
ShowToc: true
TocOpen: true
---

## Information Warfare

The term information warfare/InfoWar refers to the use of information and communication technologies (ICT) for competitive advantages over an opponent. Examples of InfoWar weapons include viruses, worms, trojan horses, logic bombs, trap doors, nanomachines and microbes, electronic jamming, and penetration exploits and tools.

### Command and control warfare (C2 warfare)
In the computer sec industry, C2 warwfare refers to the impact an attacker possesses over a compromised system/network that they control.

### Intelligence-based warfar
Is a sensor-based technology that directly corrupts technological systems. According to Libicki, "intelligence-based warfare" is warfare that consists of the design, protection, and denial of systems that seek sufficient knowledge to dominate the battlespace.

### Electronic warfare
According to Libicki, electronic warfare uses radio-electronic and cryptographic techniques to degrade communication. Radio electronic techniques attack the physical means of sending information, whereas cryptographic techniques use bits and bytes to disrupt the means of sending information.

### Psychological warfare
Is the use of various techniques such as propaganda and terror to demoralize one's adversary in an attempt to succeed in battle.

### Hacker warfare
According to Libicki, the purpose of this type of warfare can vary from the shutdown of systems, data errors, theft of information, theft of services, system monitoring, false messaging, and access to data. Hackers generally use viruses, logic bombs, trojan horses, and sniffers to perform these attacks.

### Economic warfare
Libicki notes that economic information warfare can affect the economy of a business/ nation by blocking the flow of information. This could be especially devastating to organizations that do a lot of business int the digital world.

### Cyberwarfare
Libicki defines cyber warfare as the use of information systems against the virtual personas of individuals or groups. It is the broadest of all information warfare. It includes information terrorism, semantic attacks (simmilar to Hacker warfare, but instead of harming a system, It takes over the system while maintaining the perception that it is operating correctly), and simula-warfare (simulated war, for example, acquiring weapons for mere demonstration rather than actual use).

> _Each form of InfoWar mentioned above consists of both defensive and offensive strategies:_
> - _Defensive information warfare: Involves all strategies and actions to defend against attacks on ICT assets._
> - _Offensive information warfare: Involves attacks against the ICT assets of an opponent._